Release v0.2.0 (#64)
ansys/pysimai: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.2.0 (2024-06-28)
******************

New:

- Model configuration can now be created from scratch and be used in training requests.

> - Subsets can now be assigned to `None`. Options `Ignored` and `Validation` are retired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Training data subset can now be assigned to `None`. Options `Ignored` and `Validation` are retired.
```

Fixes:

- Fixed bug when uploading large files. Large files can now be uploaded.

> - Fixes bug when listing prediction without current_workspace being set.

Reviewer: Fixed or fixes ? 😄

Author: fixed
